docs(explore): graceful joining and leaving the mesh (#790)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/explore/dpp-on-kubernetes.md

## Lifecycle

### Joining the mesh

On Kubernetes, `Dataplane` resource is automatically created by kuma-cp. For each Pod with sidecar-injection label a new
`Dataplane` resource will be created.

To join the mesh in a graceful way, we need to first make sure the application is ready to serve traffic before it can be considered a valid traffic destination.

When Pod is converted to a `Dataplane` object it will be marked as unhealthy until Kubernetes considers all containers to be ready.

### Leaving the mesh

To leave the mesh in a graceful shutdown, we need to remove the traffic destination from all the clients before shutting it down.

> Kuma DP sidecar upon receiving SIGTERM starts listener draining in Envoy, then it waits for draining time before stopping the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Kuma DP sidecar receives a `SIGTERM` signal it does in this order:

1) start draining Envoy listeners
2) wait for the entire draining time
3) stop the sidecar process
```
```suggestion
Kuma DP sidecar upon receiving SIGTERM starts listener draining in Envoy, then it waits for draining time before stopping the process.
```
